Vectorizing text...
Text total length: 6,162,347
Distinct chars   : 97
Total sequences  : 2,054,103
0.5
. They are on their way out.
How do you get a nun pregnant? Dress her up as an alter boy.
I like my women like I like my coffee: I don't like coffee.
I like my women like I like my coffee Without a penis.
How do you make a hormone? You don't pay her. 
What do you call a bee that does magic? Homo Erectus.
I'm not racist, my butt player wis in the big marmuting? He was a chicken or the war.
What do you call a subfisher who has turned on pat? A bale of damner.
What do you call a gay dinosaur? A Megasaurus!
Did you hear about the new gay working for mountains but he had a blast!
What did the black kid get on his SAT's sport? Cross-country
What do you call a flying Jew? Smoke.
I would tell you a joke about anti-gravity. It's a little boogie in it.
What is the best thing about diarrhea? A hard story.
What do you call a person with a rubber toe? Roberto
What do you call a dead baby with no legs? Ground beef
A blind man walks into a bar... And a table. And a chair.
Why did the sperm cross the road? I wore the wrong socks.
What do you call a gay dinosaur? A Megasaurus.
I'm so intrumped about a beard and I can't seem to have a lot of short legs. I think it's a midget contust.
What do you call a fake noodle? An impasta.
What do you call a sheep with no legs? A cloud.
I like my women like I like my coffee... Ground up and in the freezer.
What do you call a train that has a leg table? A drummer. 
What do you call a shark with no legs? A canterope.
Why did the chicken cross the road? To get to the other side.
I like my women like I like my coffee... Ground up and in my field.
What do you call a poor phane on a mile and a party? A slippery silk.
The protester is like female to see on the ass and gave me a conversation.
What do you call a black person who makes women scream a curtanser? A cockpat child.
What do you call a black man flying a plane? A pilot, you racist.
Why did the pope get the worst of suspense? I can't pass the bar.
What do you call a black woman who has everything? A news poophy.
Why did the man sleep for from the poor? Because he had no body to dainy.
What did the leper say to the prostitute? Keep the tip.
What's the difference between a snowman and a snow-woman? Snowballs!
What do you call a cow with no legs? Ground beef
How many surrealists does it take to screw in a lightbulb? *
How many tickles does it take to make an octopus laugh? Ten-tickles.
What do you call a man with no arms and no legs from porn star? Boo-bees
What do you call a group of blind people? A police horse.
Why do women wear makeup and perfume? Because they're ugly and they stink.
What's the difference between a bad and a cow? Pop is carding like a finger.
Harry Potter I was a master baiter It was a shitty rabbit before they get to the bathroom? Because the P is silent.
Why do feminists hate the most of the water? the sound but.
What do you call a black man flying a plane? A pilot, you racist bastard.
What do you call a group of said the man who stole a calendar. They got stoned.
What is a pirate's favorite letter? You can confere mate.
What did the pirate say on his 80th birthday? Aye matey!
Why does Barbie never get pregnant? Because Ken came in a aid.
My dad is a woman who is a priest to a guy that likes a nat dinosaur? A leaves the bartender.
What did the cannibal do after he dumped his girlfriend? Wiped his ass.
How do you stop a police officer? It was too cheesy.
What did the black kid get for christmas? Cancer
What do you call a Mexican who loss his car? Carlos
I have a great thing that shits a car with a sheep? The Pilot of North Korea.
Why did the man go to the doctor? He was too far out, man.
What is a pedophile's favorite musical? M'cannibia.
What do you call a black man flying a plane? A pilot, you racists.
What do you call a starf up his parents? A short of mass.
I was going to tell you guys a gay joke.. butt fuck it.
What do you call a prostitute with her hands down a hole in the shower enders in the forest? The man
What do you call a man who is always under the park? A carrot.
So I had to stop making hands to stop playing the police? When he was stoned.
What do you call an annoying band who is also a seal with a living road? A solicline.
What do you call a prostitute with a runny nose? Full.
What do you call a fake noodle? An impasta
I got a new corn fuck you still how it sucks? It's only content.
Why was the prostitute like carpenter? Because he was a fungi 
What do you call a cow with no legs? Ground beef
What do you call a black man flying a plane? A pilot, you racist
What do you call a white guy with a rubber toe? Roberto.
what is the most popular country thing you can find the sheep getting shit and cancer get through balls of course. They all have shitty cutton.
What did the broken say to the hand taste? Nevermind, it's too long.
What do you call a black terrorist who doesn't like sex? They found a dog in stack.
Wanna hear a joke about pizza? Names Motto Down
What do you call a bad lady of pedophiles? A prosti-toot
When you run in front of people that leaves a baby? A cannibal asshole.
What do you call a fat computer? A dell on the roof.
What do you call a woman with a yeast infection? Charles Dream
What do you call a black man flying a plane? A pilot, you racist
What do you call a redneck with no arms or legs? Burner King forgets and downvotes.
What do you call a dog with no legs? Doesn't matter, he had no arms.
What do you call a gay guy with a rubber toe? Roberto.
Did you hear about the two gay guys pinning his life? He tractor me move to the chicken.
Why do women wear makeup and perfume? Because they're ugly and they stink.
What do you call a bad obema with an all the infection? A cow with a tuna place
He invented a new word today!!! 
Where do cows go to prostitute no work? A Meanderthal 
Why did the blind fire cross the road? Because his dick was stuck in the chicken.
What do you call the elephant in a wheelchair? Police arrested
What do you call a man with no arms and no legs in a pile of cars? Marriage.
What do you call Mexican showers in A car? A canteen
How did the hipster burn his tongue? He drank his coffee before it was cool.
What do you call a cow with no legs? Ground beef
What do you call a black guy who flies a plane? A pilot, you racist
What do you call a cow with no legs? Ground beef
What did the bartender say to the puns? Ask your mom
What do you call a space priest? Hookers
What do you call a dog with no legs? Doesn't matter. He won't both look at my dick
What do you call a gay man's body before he dies? A pedophile
What do you call a sexually astronaut? A large
What is the best way to piss off a feminist?  Right now.
What do you call a cheap circumcision? A rip off
How do you find Will Smith in the snow? You look for the fresh prints
What do you call a man with no arms and no legs from parking the bottom of the ocean? A sandwich.
What do you call a fat person who makes a potato space? Turmition
What do you call a fat psychic? A four-chin teller
What do you call a black man flying a plane? A pilot, you racist!
What do you call a fat psychic? A four-chin teller
I'm condescending that me new me to say that... I'm a racist. 
What do you call a black man in space? An astronaut you racists.
Why did the short stair of state falls? Because he doesn't want to be spotted.
I like my women like I like my coffee... I don't like coffee.
What do you call a girl with a bear with no legs? Disabled.
What did the hobbit say to the hat? I'm throwing him a blowjob.
What do you call a black guy that flies a plane? A pilot, you racist.
What do you call a fake noodle? An impasta
A baby seal walks into a club... 
Why do cows have hooves? Because they like to kill your dog.
What do you call a happy prosecutor? Homosexual.
What's a mathematician's favorite band? Michael Baed
What do you call a soccar man who studies his favourite drink? Guant take a baby in a square cop.
How do you find Will Smith in a snow storm? You look for the fresh prints.
What do you call a frog of an Irishman? A nine sex asshole. 
What do you call a black man flying a plane? A pilot. 
What do you call a sexually an archarol group? A helicopter mare it fucking assholes.
What does a Canadian Alien get in the toilet? He was a little horrible.
Why did the squirrel fall out of the tree? Because he was dead.
I was going to make a joke about baby shit yesterday. It was a midget but a black guy seess it.
What do you call a cow that can't make it to be a black guy.
What do you call a group of blind people? A polar bear.
What do you call a man with no arms and no legs from pink and pregnant? His parents wing for the stars.
What do you get when you cross a joke with a rhetorical question? 
What did the black kid get for christmas? Your wife has been kid bringing his family? Because he was high you can call me the winger
What does a black man get after sex? 15 years in a country
What do you call a bunch of strings throw and nothing books? Because they can't even.
Why do Jews have big noses? Because air is free.
What do you call a fart in a hot dair? Ill grow on me.
What did the salad say when he was about to come with a bad joke? It was a shitty rassion.
What do you call a chinese person who shows up a chicken stoned? It was fucking in tents.
So I support whores from World War I Was Free Here will He want Tone.
What do you call a cross between an elephant ? A pig came in the mail.
Why did the chicken cross the road? To get to the other side.
What does a cow say at the cannibal? You get a handjob both in the freezer.
What do you call a prostitute with a runny nose? Full.
I was going to tell a joke about anti-gravity. It's in the closet of the road!
What did the fish say when he ran into a wall? Dam.
What do you get when you cross a joke with a rhetorical question? 
What did the tampon say to the other lawyer? We're both lawyers.
What do you call a lesbian dinosaur? Lickalottapuss
What do you call a cow with no legs? Ground beef
What do you call a starf up his daily restaurant? A computer store.
What do you call a black man who flies a plane?? A pilot, you racist.
What did the famous composer do when she made a party with showers on the streets of the balls in the world? A black and worker.
How do you tell if someone is a vegan? Don't worry, they'll tell you.
What do you call a man with no arms and no legs from porn star? Because he didn't have the balls
What's the difference between a snowman and a snow-woman? Snowballs.
What do you call a special Obyony underwear on reddit? Carribbahaboo
What do you call a fake noodle? An impasta.
What do you call a sleepwalking Nun? A roamin' catholic.
What do you call a black man flying a plane? A pilot, you racist.
Why did the squirrel swim on his back? To keep his nuts dry.
What did the baby corn say to the alphabet? No guess.
What do you call a dinosaur with a bunny a sandwich? A poly-man.
What do you call a black man flying an airplane? a pilot, you racist.
What do you call a man with just a nose? No body nose man. Hue hue hue.
What do you call a cow that gets hard at stool? Full up his stells one stitch
What do you call a fat psychic? A four-chin teller
What's the difference between a duck? One of its wear and says "I'll leave the room".
What do you call a black man who flies a plane? A pilot, you racist!
Accidental person went to a party and says "I'm flowered for the same penny in your shoes? They are blowing out of the dogs.
Where do you find a dog with no legs? Where everything will came in the car.
What do you call a cow with no legs? Ground beef
What do you call a black man flying a plane? A pilot, you racist!
What do you call a short girl who's straight the mean diet? An American Mersain.
Why is the sex acrivate to African? Because he had a lot of shit.
Why was the baker of an accident? Because he didn't have a car.
What do you call a black man flying an airplane? A pilot, you racist.
How do you make a hormone? You don't pay her.
What do you call a man with no arms and no legs from the sandwich men from the boys in Gorth Park? A booty called 
I saw a girl with 12 brothers. Than my fast for a line. 
What do you call a black man flying an airplane? A pilot, you racist!
How do you make a hormone? You don't pay her.
What do you call a cow with no legs? Ground Beef.
What do you call a cannibal's least funny? Complete tink
What do you call a black man flying a plane? a pilot, you racist.
What do you call a group of boomens who are afraid of comedian? They have no Seoul!
What did the cannibal do after he dumped his girlfriend? Wiped his ass
What do you call a black man flying a plane? A pilot you fucking racist.
A sheep, a drum, and a snake fall down a cliff Ba dum tssssss*
What does a sheep go to the gym? The person they live on the toilet seat one? The week nuts
Why did the chicken cross the road? To get to the other side.
What do you call a white girl with a rubber toe? Roberto
What's the hardest part of a vegetable to eat? The wheelchair.
What did the vampire say to his girlfriend when he walked into the bar? He said "up to "Sister, see, a hurt be a graph." 
What did the dyslexic devil who hand have in common? They both got no Seoul!
What is the difference between a dog and a fox? About 9 drivers.
What does a gay horse eat? Haaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaay ane instagram. 
What did the glass say to the bee that meet ever? I'm a billionaire.
Why did the chicken cross the road? Because it was in the car.
What do you call a gay dinosaur? A megasaurass.
I used to be addicted to soap But I'm clean now.
I like my women like I like my coffee... I don't like coffee.
I'm thinking about having a bad experience. 
Knock knock Who's there? The Pilot. Let me in.
Where do you get from the boy of Short? The ***grobe you're hand**
What do you call a cow with no legs? Ground beef
What do you call a white guy with a spanish person on Reddit? Neither has he.
What do you call a fake noodle? An impasta.
What did the Mexican say when his pants is not addicted to breakfast. But then I lost interest.
Why did the lawyer get divorced? Because he was pretty stuck up cunts.
What do you call a black guy who flies a plane? A pilot, you racist!
A guy walks into a bar... ...and says, "Why the long face?"
Why did the chicken cross the road? Because it was two tired.
You know what they say about being girls at medical supermark. 
What did the black kid get for Christmas? Your figgres.
What do you call a black man flying a plane? A pilot, you racist bastard!
What do you call a communist chef in a corn? A crowbar.
Why did the semen cross the road? I wore the wrong socks.
What do you call a fat computer? A Dell
What do you call a midget psychic on the run? A small medium at large
What is a computer programmer's favorite drink? Marxistent
What does a gay guy say when he snows on the winter shoe? I'm going to be more princes.
What do you call a tree that smells like contraction? They work in their sisters.
What did the black kid get on his SAT's sport? Cross country.
What did the fish say when he swam into a wall? Dam
What is the most popular provider of the word New Year sex state? Shake and boy and stump.
What do you call a special olymen deliver? discussion
What's a pirate's favorite letter? You can eat in yetle.
What did the leper say to the prostitute? Keep the tip.
What do you call a nun in a wheelchair? Virgin Mobile.
What did the cannibal do after he dumped his girlfriend? He wiped his butt.
Why do black people have such big noses? Because air is free.
What do you call a scary Chinese person? A brothel star.
What do you call a black man who flies a plane?? A pilot, you racist!
How does a black man get into the same candy? The sheep still have a dog
What do you call a lesbian with long fingers? Hell if it a wall.
Why did the melons get married? Because they cantaloupe.
I called my car enters than more than something. 
What do you call a group of meteorists? A cows catehous.
What do you call a starting for men in a shit? A small medium at large
A blind man walks into a bar. And a table. And a chair.
What's the hardest part about eating vegetables? The wheelchair.
I like my women like I like my chicken Street fat.
What do you call a black guy who flies a plane? A pilot, you racist.
What do you call a transvestite in Spanish? A pork shers on his home wash nom
Damn, pizza can be a black man to a story about a guy with a foot less one liners. Who would have easher?
What do you call a white guy who stoped having sex? A threesome
What do you call a group of blind people? A police horse.
What do you call a blind dentist? A porky-p
What do you call a cow that does driving? A transplant.
What do you call a blonde in a tree? A Soutcaunt
What do you call a Mexican with a rubber toe? Roberto
Why did the chicken cross the road? To reside his wife in the tells.
What did the pedophile say when he walked into the dinosaur? the salad dressing.
What do you call a shitty short guy? A  in the wall.
What do you call a cow with no legs? Ground beef
What do you call an anti-joke? A pair of life.
How many Mexicans does it take to change a lightbulb? Just Juan.
Why did the chicken cross the road? To get to the other side
What do you call a pile of cats? A meowntain.
What do you call a short fish language? A dogslip.
What do you call a gay dinosaur? A Megasaurass.
What do you call a group of bread with holes? A prison says.
What do you call a group of red seal with the shower? A brothel.
Why did the chicken cross the road? To get to the other side!
What do you call a black man who flies a plane? A pilot, you racist.
What do you call a drunk man with a disease? A penis people will see myself out.
What do you call a black priest? Holy shit
What do you call a cheap circumcision? A rip off.
What do you call a black man flying a plane? A pilot, you racist.
What do you call a generalite that stills a shit? A spider-ssive.
What do you call a prostitute with a runny nose? Full.
What do you call a short between two words ladies? A gang rape.
What did the cannibal do after he dumped his girlfriend? Wiped his ass
What do you call a religious pedophile? A cannibull
What do you call a cow with no legs? Ground beef
How do you make a witch sundenter? You put it in stage fars
What do you call a shitty joke on reddit? Small Pean
What do you call a cow with no legs? Ground beef
What do you call a slutty man with no arms and no legs for a pregnant? Because he can hear you shit in his cheese.
What do you call a person with a rubber toe? Roberto
Why is Santa's sack so big? Because he only comes once a year.
What did the black kid get for Christmas? Your fingers is.
I support women to the front page It blew up
What do you call a black guy who flies a plane? A pilot, you racist!
What do you call a man with no arms and no legs flakey backwards? An anti-virgin memory for me of himself
What do you call a shitty juggelie? A hamburger trade.
Why was the gas line party as a dirty sea box? An elephant.
Why did the chicken cross the road? To get to the other side.
Where do you find a dog with no legs? Right where you left it.
What do you call a black guy who flies a plane? A pilot, you racist.
What do you call a transvestite in Spanish? Smoke
What do you call a black guy flying a plane? A pilot, you racist
What kind of shoes does a person with a non-prophet ocking medicine? 
What did the fish say when he swam into a wall? Dam
I'm on a seafood diet.. I see so fishing out.
What do you call a sheep with no legs and a legs? A brunette finger.
What do you call a fish with no eyes? A fsh..
What do you call a black man flying a plane? A pilot, you racist bastard.
What do you call a starf at mathematicians? Braking Out to porn.
What do you call a black woman who has eats me a bee? A crime. 
Two men walk into a bar The third one ducks
What is a pirate's favorite letter? The spiders hane to be summed in the same store... I had to do it on my face.
What do you call a Chinese millionaire? Cha-C-Conder
What do you call a black guy who flies a plane? A pi
0.7
. They are on their way out.
How do you get a nun pregnant? Dress her up as an altar boy.
Got fired from a wheelchair And I took him some fat people.
What do you call a black guy who flies a plane? A pilot, you racist!
What do you call a short girl who's an orgasm? A noble gas
What do you call a homosexual on roller skates? Rolaids.
How do you stop a dog funny have a condom? Everyone ever got one she told him to leave the speed light.
What gives me a great with a monk? Keep the tip
Why is 6 afraid of 7? Because 7 is a registered six offender
Came 100 M the Gold The German Bollows Some Sental Beangling and New York have in common? Santa got a roll moter
Money doesn't like my sex life without sex. They're not falling for that most confusing Caster in Roman parents? It's called 100, MEEEOUT!
How many rednecks does it take to make you a social joke? Your girl thing you self double.
What drug gets the heart of a hormone? Toritois.
What do you call a prostitute that is bad at humanisms? Cause they always deliver.
What do you call a cow with no legs? Ground beef
I like my women like I like my coffee... Black and with a dick.
Why did the redneck cross the road? To get to the other side!
Why did the chicken cross the road? To get to the other side.
Where do lottopers go to church the sheep? To the doctor of the house.
What do you call a red itent cow with no legs? Ground beef
How do you catch a unique rabbit? 
When you give a girl from New York girls Arr breast you did they read? 
What do you call a midget with red hair? A farge... 
Why does Brace Schuer and Apple play his paint? Right Hold.
What do you call an Irish person on the elevator? It could be your window flap.
What did the fish say when it hit it on the cloth? "Mine won't person."
All I had a diet with my girlfriend when she got his hair but I think it was a salted.
On a scale of 1 to the Street Should He Walk into a Bar. 
It was the best time to go to the dentist? Tooth-hurty
What's brown and sticky? A stick
Why couldn't the blonde and a Shittlew die? All his mother's day.
What do you call a cheap circumcision? A rip off.
What did the cannibal do after he dumped his girlfriend? Wiped his ass.
I was gonna tell a gay joke.. Butt fuck it.
What did the DJ say to the tea when he just lost his knife? His butt has a pull out.
What do you call a lesbian dinosaur? Lickalotapus
What do you call a helicopter Mexican? Good dick
What do you call a hurrican with a rubber toe? Roberto.
The Moon Silln's dentist at medicine 
You know what they say about puns 
Don't trust atoms... Not but so here for the shit out of it!
What do you call a black priest? Holy Shit.
Whats white and sits on a piece of steen? A holiday in a concentration camp.
What do you call a black guy flying a plane? A pilot. 
When is a door not a door? When it's ajar.
What kind of short do you never say it conspiracy? "Sorry, we're called bitches."
What is the best way to get a blonde of a solution? Person the roof
She said away with the psycho games I still do for the time.
You know something is necrophilia? She's tearay they're funny.
What do you call a muslim group of bread? A prosti-toot
Where do hookers go when they get married? Natains.
What do you call a vegetarian with bad Kings? Minori-s.
What do you call a prostitute with a runny nose? Full.
Would you like to hear a joke about pizza? Nah, I'll show myself out.
What do you call a Muslim fetish party? A tomato. 
Why did the semen cross the road? I wore the wrong sock to put down.
"I'm from Shoot and Support Christian ball of a Dick Police joke? Because it was a Sicila 
What's the difference between a snowman and a snow-woman?. Snowballs.
What do you call a cow with no legs? Ground Beef.
What do you call a man with no arms and no legs from the sausages? The sexual pars
The little things can only be the worst day of the airport. 
A guy walks into a bar... And he orders a bread and say.
Half a hand does that happy having a baby in a winning shit on his head and sit in the cheese.
I was going to make a joke about pizza... But it's too cheesy. 
What's black and blue and hates sex? The line...
What do you call a foreign boy with no legs? A fisher show at steel season. 
What do you call a cow with no legs? Ground beef
What do you call a pit when he losts into a wall? Dam.
What's the most confusing day in California? Sneak-esh.
The best up of the season that was a great date with a rooster? A drummer
What do you call a black guy who flies a plane? A pilot, you racist.
What did the black buddy ballorn get after he died? Everyone has a pedo to the foot.
What's a bear with no arms and no legs? Rick has my stall.
What did the black kid get for Christmas? Your wife has a hole in one!
What do you call a robot do and man who drives a lot? A candlemon
Two men walk into a bar. The third one ducks.
What does a Canadian anteatir do when it has a beard But that's been to be a pool.
What do you call a baby with no arms? A dick on a pencil.
What do you call a sheep with no legs and the world hangs come to see the same thing.
Why did the scarecrow get a promotion? He was out standing in his field. 
What do you call a subreddit on a space player? A Meanderthal.
Why was the redneck sex acried? Because he doesn't want to be spotted.
What's a pirate's favorite fruit? Ba-Na-na-na-na-na-na
What do you call a slave that won't get married? Reddit all over your shoulder
What's the hardest part of a vegetable to eat? The wheelchair
What sound does a paranorm wear? Seawawkes
Why did no-one like the Moon Mini Body? No, there's a Native American.
When is a door not a door? When it's ajar
Why is the real virgin word in the narcy fighter? Because he had loco-motives.
What did the baby seal say when he walked past the fireman? Nailed it
What's black and white and red all over? The trainer.
A man tries to buy a car out of being a deer? A lettuce turned on.
What's brown and sticky? A stick.
What did one snowman say the the other? Nothing, they were both stuck up cunts.
Knock knock. Who's there?30% sandwich mars mass gone.
Did you hear about the cannibal who came out of the closet? From a cross.
What do you call a shut lead of mathematicians? Colones
What do you call it when you give me a bar colon? Hospitalism.
What's the difference between a Jew and a canoe? Canoes life.
What do you call a constipated on the internet? The musin sized.
What do you call a naked black man? an insect
Who is the most popular poor perfect that would be left? 
Why did the teacher cross his trip? It was Stalled become.
How do you get a rapper off a cliff? To soon fall for the water!
What do you call a person with a terrible horse? A zombie 
What do you call a fat psychic? A four-chin teller
I made a cliff search started on him. I hear it's a bit of a fat person.
If April showers bring May flowers, what does a police officer have in common with a girl? Chew cheeters!
What do you call a black guy who flies a plane? A pilot, you racist buster.
A guy walks into a bar... and a chair, and a table.
An invisible is wouldn't be a gang. At that far.
Why can't a blonde dial 911? He just was a coffee.
I just told my girlfriend to say that my dick I guess she was outstanding in his field
What do you call a man with an IQ of 60 seconds laugh? Partial arts.
Why did the hipster burn his tongue? He started taking a shit in his cuntal free. 
Are you a horse at the bar? Because you are really good at it.
What did the dick say to the cold? So the epile is a perfect restaurant.
What is the best time to go to the dentist? Tooth-hurty
Why is the bottom of the oven? Because it was fucking intense.
Why is Helen Kellers a bad driver? Because she was a woman.
Some singer is like a fart... ... he's bad at high from homeless
I was going to buy some son of the simile Streets. 
Why was the angry lettuce? To cross the road.
Why do farts smell?? Because the share was baroo..
What do you call a flying Jew? Smoke.
What's long and black? The unemployment line
I hate when it gets black people who find it? He was seemen.
What's the difference between a snowman and a snow-woman? Snowballs
What has 100 legs and bleeds a lot? Half a can
There was a dog in its earth... I told him that's just me with a shet.
Why is Santa's sack so big? Because he only comes once a year.
What do you call a Gay Frenchman? Steer wanker.
I heard the sheep-stic on my dick this morning? Department.
Why do people sing of pabs is so prediction He was laughing at his pressure to catch fog the other day 
What does a gay horse eat? HAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA LAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA PAY WORNING! 
What was The Mushrooms bang on the wall? Because he never lasted.
You know what they say about the metes of the day? Because it was too corny.
What do you call a fat computer? A Dell
What does it take to make a dog say? When he got the sandwich.
What do you call a black woman who has enested a mass uper? Meatbanks.
What's a pirate's favorite letter? Feet a little sister.
What's the best thing about bears? Crash in her.
What's the difference between a snowman and a snow-woman? Snowballs
What do you call a seagull that does mail? A homosexual.
How do you make holy water? You boil the hell out of it.
What do you call a college that works at a campground? Dead people pil teller in the jungle.
What do you call a masturbating cow? Beef Stroganoff
Why did the scarecrow win a prostitute? ''s go on reddit."
What's the difference between a joke and 3 dicks? Your mom can't take a joke.
What's the difference between a snowman and a snowwoman? Snowballs
What do you get when you cross a joke with a rhetorical question? 
A guy walks into a bar and asks "Is the bar tender here?" "Why?""
What do you call a lesbian dinosaur? A lickalotopus.
What do you call a man who flams atteact? A Chinese person. 
What do you call a group of orphans prime numbers to see your dick in Benedits? Because battles are just wrong
What did the plant say to the person that are best thing you can't jump? Rolling Statis
Why do some people have dirty man expensive? Nevermind, you put the cutume from it.
What did the elephant say to the pastries? Would you like to break up?
What did the saturn be call diabetes? Seams like...
Why did the hipster burn his mouth officer? He was traffic in front of his ass. 
What does a baby computer call its father? Neun Turn Microsoft Porn doesn't. 
What do you call a masturbating cow? Beef Stroganoff
What do you call a fish with no eyes? A fsh.
Two men walk into a bar... The third one ducks.
What is the best thing about having sex with 20 year olds? There's 20 of them.
Why does the cow live on the front page? Because it was two tired.
Yo momma so fat... Her class was just a little big crosce.
What do you call a sleepwalking Nun? A Roamin' Catholic.
So I was told to get the with a clock... ...but then I was forged.
What do you call a woman with good genes college? A white guy
I was going to buy some shit I don't give a shit.
What do you call an epileptic in a line star? An apple a pregnant.
The best part of putting the punchline is? The suicide bomber.
What did the fly say to the black jew? who?
I can't believe they're both to shoot the pain it we singer
I made a white graph of my penis It was too hard.
What do you call a suicidal cat? Tugbard.
Apparently all the men from Tents President? The sun.
I like the way the engineer. I was gonna call a Leeking Race.
I'm addicted to south come and we can hear before they grow? 
What do you call a man with a new perch light? Your mom.
What do you call a despeting math teacher? A prosti-toot
What do you call a gay dinosaur? A megasaurass.
How did the hipster burn his tongue? He drank his coffee before it was cool
Why do Redditors eat their favorite song? Blind French parents A Pedophiles
Did you hear the joke about the politician? Got fingers-dornit.
What do Mexican and a sheep walk in one hair? A cantelope.
What kind of shoes does a person with a lisp? A nigger bar on soup.
What do you call a meat working at a party? A stick.
What did the guy say when he couldn't find his tractor? With a hand until he was in-tents.
I just deleted all the German names for president. 
I was reading to start a race in every time. I have a problem with bread... 
What do you get when you squis period in the air? A craup.
What did the gay joke say when he got to the balls?
What's worse than a winning with the money? The sun went swimming.
How do you know that Chris Brown has been on Reddit? Nothing, they're really good at it.
What's the difference between a Duck and a Life? An amputee the police are relating.
I had a dream last night and says... "Ouch!" of them all.
What do you call a fat Chinese person? Stealoh Russ
What's the best thing about having sex with 20 year olds? There's 20 of them!
What is the best dat of the post? The police are in gasers
What do you call a fly with no wings? A walk
What's worse than order at a party? You can't take a joke.
Why do women wear makeup and perfume? Because they are ugly and they stink
What do you call a lesbian with long fingers? Nine cents.
How do vegetarian people like to drink with? Because they couldn't have a quarter.
Why does Poses make the best sold? They are in sects.
What do you call a teacher who's also a green god? Summer it to play in the summer.
What's the most legelinative animal in the jungle? The polar bear.
Watch the triging of a pokemon Jack Off The Police started by Half Plants. 
The Election To Tex Sameating women is not sexual and funny Jews
How many potatoes does it take to kill an Irishman? None.
Did you hear about the guy who was too cheesy he picked his new Batherough? The Backward
If I were a crime and called me and I take your mouth
Why did the number box of Praye Corn call his poop? Homilosy
What do you call a special Olympics in a canoe? Cut off a cluis.
What did the hippie say when he was assaulted by a baby? And he said he was on the toilet.
Why does the bus get so good in the woods? They were both stuck up cunts.
I met a man who walked into a bar and says "I'd like to show up it but no bucks"
What do you call a black guy who flies a plane? A pilot, you racist buttatain.
What's the most confusing day in California? The New York Jets.
What did the cannibal do after dumping his girlfriend? Wipes his bust
My dad are a little silent food. Not everyone gets it. 
What is the anti-joke on Reddit? The Hunger Games
I like my women like I like my coffee Ground up and sign line.
What is a Redditor's favorite food? Classic Doorbies!
My friend has a little head when dead nuns and Jews is gay? His dick tastes like shit.
What do you call a drunk guy who shows on in the sun went flig? Because he did not get a Fred I'm sorry. 
What do you call a russian with three teeth? A spice or bitch.
Why do women have bears? Because he doesn't exist.
What's brown and rhymes with Snoop? Dr. Dre
What did the snail say white his friend went to college? Because he cant even get easher.
What do you call a masturbating cow? Beef Jerky
What does a Mexican alpocano say when he walks into a bar? Mark mus.
How do you make a hormone? Don't pay her.
What do you call a black man doing at the bar? A paranoid.
What do you call a black guy who flies a plane? A pilot, you racist
What do you call a black guy who flies a plane? A pilot, you racist.
What do you call a black guy flying a plane? A pilot, you racist bastard.
What kind of drugs do they call the snake guy?
What do you call a masturbating cow? Beef strokin' off.
A man walks into a bar... Ouch.
What's the difference between a good joke and a ghost? 
What do you call a black guy who flies a plane? A pilot, you racist
What do you call a black man flying a plane? A pilot, you racist
What is the difference between a breakfast and a cow? You can't hear an enzyme.
What's the best way to get screed in side and got the sale-male? He had to promise of its butt. 
Why did the gamer arrest the pronting christ? Christian Bale. 
Why did the brown go skydiving? It saw the salad dressing
What's the difference between a joke and two dicks? Your mom can't take a joke.
What do you call a priest who loves black people? A restaurant.
Simple mathematicians have sex with me... and a shotgun and a snake fell off a cliff... Baadum tssssss
How does a redneck find his shoes? In little Nazis.
What do you call it when Black Chinese bank all of the world? Nah, I am she don't know what I mith book.
What did the duck say to the hand taste? Keep the tip
What's a redneck sumal laugh? Semenailly certain me.
What do you call a poleg man with one leg? No heads.
What is the most popular company pastard? Beat the other side.
I just had sex with a chicken steak... I called her a rip off. 
What do you call a pile of cats? A meowtain!
Why do people like to go from? The dog knows where home is.
What's the difference between a gun and a feminist?  are in a car, who's driving?
What do you call a racist 2 wise month? A little black person.
How do you send a snail throat out on a fast about his son? Business is such a shooting rock
What did the Jewish pedophile say to the child? Keep the tip
Hot as he wanted to get sitted to the gym.
What do you call the useless skin or to a tree? Space Bread
What do you call a lesbian dinosaur? Lickalotapus
What do you call a monkey in a suit? Crash per hear
What do you call a Muslim fast ring of tree when the ear was browning? It was the scariest day of the line.
The thing about calling the pedophiles they get stoned. 
Why did the rock start use so much? Cracking back to people.
What do you call a comedian with an extra personage? A Hamburger in the eye.
What do you get when you're back and not really in a vegetable.
It's okay to a man who stuck there to sell me to surprise me?" "Sorry I'm an unsulant!"
What do you call a burnt Italian cheese that stinks? A plagiarist.
What do you call a prostitute with no legs? A molester.
What did the black buddhist say to the hot dog vendor? Make me one with everything.
Why do gay doctors call it Jesus? Because it can't move when I turn a phone to the witch of it.
I went to the zoo today. The sun.
All the Dones wanted the body of the therapist? They were snowed in the pocket.
Did you hear that joke they don't have the rale tits
What do you call a snake that can put in his spaces? Pinch hearsely.
What do you call a racist seal with no legs? A cantorouple.
I just met a horse with a strong ble to pick it.
Why does Wolf Walls like his birth control? There's two their lets for it
My doctor told me I was a retarded pie... I would say I will never got him for than face... ...no bulls.
Donald Trump is a non-prophet organization... 
I hate being bipolar. It's all over two towers. 
When I get married, but I was going to make a shitty joke. but I'm a bit for you.
I have a really good chemistry joke to surrender! 
A blind man walks into a bar... ... and a table. And a chair.
Whats the square root of 69? 8 something. 
How do you put a book at a nudist cowor? How do you drown in your garden?
How do you know if someone is a car? Carrive her self of cereal!
What is it called when batman doesn't fit in? A stick
What did the Homis purple do when his turban eats phino? An all-day didge.
Statistically, 9 out of 10 people enjoy gang rape. 
Why couldn't
Vectorizing text...
Text total length: 6,162,347
Distinct chars   : 97
Total sequences  : 2,054,103
0.9
 fourth one ducked.
What do you call a midget psychic on the run? A small medium at large
What do you call a police officer with a hand on it? A pool table.
Why did the semen cross the road? I wore the wrong socks.
What's the difference between a black person and a cow? My dock said it's okay.
What do you call a guy who wears the sea bros? A prosti-toot
A drunk guy walks into a bar... ...and says, "Why the long face?"
What do you call a black guy who flies a plane? A pilot, you racist!
What do you call a black priest? Holy shit
What do you call a black man flying a plane? A pilot, you racist!
What do you call a group of people who has everything? Sumery dumptys.
What do you call a happy been? A sexual insult.
I want to tell you a jewish girl, joke as it is too short? It's white and in the screen.
What do you call a black guy who flies a plane? A pilot, you racist.
What's the best thing about being a pedophile? Pilot it with a pencil.
What's the difference between a brown noser and a snow woman? Snowballs.
What do you call a gay dinosaur? A Megasaurass
What do you call a cheap circumcision? A rip off.
Met my booger and said "What do you call a gay dank major? Dough No hard
What do you call a black guy who flies a plane? A pilot, you racist.
What do you call a black man flying a plane? A pilot, you racist.
Why is six afraid of seven? Because seven is a registered six offender.
What do you call a black guy who flies a plane? A pilot, you racist.
What do you call a black man who flies a plane? A pilot, you racist.
What does a black man do after sex? 15 years the sex and children
What do you call a prostitute with a runny nose? Full.
What do you call a broken person on a scale of Irish? A broken house.
What do you call a gay dinosaur? Mega-sore-ass!
What do you call a fat computer? A Dell.
What do you call a cheap circumcision? A rip off.
What do you call a cow with no legs? Ground beef
Whats the difference between a good joke and a joke? Toke jokes!
What did the penis say to the condom? Cover me, i'm going in.
What do you call a group of horoscouns? An Astronaut.
What do you call a chicken with a shot on the roof? Get off mine some skin.
I'm not racist I think the worst pedophilia is commit to his favorite food. Not everyone get it.
Why did the cell say to the priest? Because it was too cheesy.
What do you call a prostitute with a runny nose? Full.
What does a cannibal do after he dumps his girlfriend? Wiped his business.
What's the coolest animal in the world? The Allahu Akbar!!!!!
What do you call a black guy flying a plane? A pilot you racist asshole.
What do you call a black man flying a plane? A pilot, you racist bastard.
What do you call a short fetish who ents ever been in a canor? Ten-tickles
What do you call a black guy flying a plane? A pilot. 
What do you call a black guy who flies a plane? A pilot, you racist.
What do you call a hippie who ares dead? A baby crapped in a cheese war.
Why did the man with chess prefer his couch? Because he had a frog in his hands.
What do you call a cow with no legs? Ground beef.
What do you call a black man flying a plane? A pilot, you racist bastard!
What do you call a man who is always late? Masturbation
So a baby seal walks into a club... 
What do you call a snail on a ship? A snailor.
What's a parallelol faster than a duck? A receding hare line of coffee.
Why does Snoop Dogg carry an umbrella? Fo drizzle.
What do you call a chicken straped for a million dollars... 
What do you call a cow with no legs? Ground beef
I like my women like I like my coffee. I don't like coffee.
I like my women like I like my coffee... ...**driver* in a small proof.
What did the perverted frog say? Nat the earth were on the other hand.
What do you call a person who is never an elephant? A nightmare
What do you get when you cross a joke with a rhetorical question? 
What did the British girl say to the redneck? "Don't worry, I use so sad the pull" it turned into a wall. 
What did the man say when he got his family? Who cares?
What do you call a belt made of lamp beer? A beavie when he could be a hall-but.
If you got a bad dream I and I bought a back.
What do you call a black guy who flies a plane? A pilot, you racist.
What do you call a news sport? A short period
Why did the squirrel swim on his back? To keep his nuts dry
So many time not funny would that make you a millionaire.
What is the best part about having sex with 25 year-olds? There's 20 of them.
Why do women wear make-up and perfume? Because they're ugly and smell bad.
The worst part of the first time he was in the bathroom... He said it was a shitzu.
What did the short girl say to the prostitute? You're the winker.
How do you stop a skateboard girl? With a stripper in a piece
I stole my first period to sally reading a sex change. 
What did the leper say to the prostitute? Keep the tip.
What do you call a short person who wears a shit? Charles Degashes
What do you call a fly with no wings? A walk.
What is the last thing to come out of a race? They like to call the phone it's a concert in the world.
What do you call a black man flying a plane? A pilot, you racist bastard.
It was music to say the swine is in a horny? You should have keep it some gets premetric about Funny Johns The North Police joke. 
What do you call a prostitute with a runny nose? Full.
What do you call a math teacher who shots a car? Carry Snow
What do you call a black man flying a plane? A pilot, you racist.
A sheep, a drum, and a snake fall down a cliff.. Bob. 
What do you call a potato with a room full of a police officer like a game of redditors? They like to put coassers against everything? Because they are chicken times.
Where do cows go to work? The split of course.
What do you call a cow with no legs? Ground beef
What do you call a black man flying a plane? A pilot, you racist.
What do you call a prostitute with a runny nose? Full.
What do you call a female procrastinator? Moo-lie She said "Haha a minethe."
What do you call a space and a dog? A hammorne lol
What do you call a black guy who flies a plane? A pilot, you racist.
Why did the chicken cross the road? To get to the other side!
What do you call a gay bar that doesn't slam shut? A sub-waiker.
What do you call an explosive pencil? Jewish books
Have you ever tried ethiopian food? Neither have they.
What do you call a sheep with no legs and a legs? British cheese.
I don't like to travel the other day... ...I think I'll have to change it it.
I probably wanted to be an edecitional with a colonostor It sucked.
Why does santa have any kids? Because he only comes once a year.
What did the buffalo say to his son when he left for college? Bison.
What did the leper say to the hooker? Keep the tip.
What do you call a black guy flying a plane? A pilot, you racist!
According to my favorite Game of the Identity the Erection There's a lot of football team. 
Why did the condom fly across the room? Because it was pissed off.
Why did the vegetable go to the dentist? Tooth hurty
How do you know if someone is a party in the sun? Pick up lines!
What do you call a black guy that flies a plane? A pilot, you racist.
What do you call a cheap circumcision? A rip off.
What do you call a fat psychic? A four-chin teller
I was going to make a joke about pizza... But it's trap.
Why did the chicken cross the road? To get to the other side!
Why did the fish go to jail? Because he was too far out.
What's the difference between a mexican and a boxer? A pool table.
What do you call a group of blind people? A pedofucker
What do you call a cow with no legs? Ground Beef.
What do you call a frog of ants group of measins? Man at noth for parents
The worst part of the police are for pussy I can't put it down!
I would tell a gay joke Butt fuck it.
Something came in the mail today... That was my friend to the more than anything I have it on the summer.
What do you call a black guy at a dog? A pilot you fucking racist!
Why don't cannibals eat clowns? because they taste funny
I just made a paranoid market for his wife. Me with a dentist court.
What do you call a sleepwalking nun? A roamin' Catholic.
What do you call a man with no arms and no legs in a piece of toast? A trootis can.
What do you call a black guy flying a plane? A pilot, you racist.
What do you call a black man flying a plane? A pilot, you racist bastard.
What do you call a racist Mexican half American? Little Seizures.
What do you call a fat computer? A Dell
What do you call a joke without a punchline? 
How do you make a hormone? Don't pay her.
What do you get when you give a black guy and a half men? You pay his stool in his concentration camp? It's called Sensel.
What's the difference between a snowman and a snow-woman? Snowballs.
What do you call a group of engineers? A vegetarian.
Chicken Pot pie... Its a serial killer Englas
What do you call a chinese person who shows on a dick? A cross-dress.
Why did the cowboy arrest the bathroom? Because the p is silent.
What do you call a short mexican who loss his car? Carlos
What do you call a person who masturbates out of play? A real poo
What did the pirate say on his 80th birthday? Aye matey!
Why did the man with a man hate walking fucker and a wall? Depends how hard you throw them. 
What do you call a cheap circumcision? A rip off.
What do you call a lesbian with long fingers? A canteroper
Why does Snoop Dogg carry an umbrella? Fo Drizzle
What do you call a flying Jew? Smoke.
What's black and doesn't work? Decaf coffee.
How did the hipster burn his mouth? He ate his penes
You know what they say about people with black guys? Because they have big fingers.
What do you call a potato with a bad puppie? A hobbital.
What's black and eats pussy? Cervical cancer.
What do you call a communist in heaven? A robble team
What do you call a redneck with no legs? A crowdad at the bar.
What do you call a cow with no legs? Ground beef
What do you call a gay man who just had a bread penis crapp... It was a dick in your mouth
What do you call a porn star with a Mexican restaurant? Check out her.
What do you call a cow with no legs? Ground beef
What do you call a lesbian dinosaur? A lickalotopus.
What do you call a homosexual on roller skates? Rolaids
Why did the scarecrow get a promotion? He was out-standing in his field.
What do you call a cow that does magic? Home mean undercover a dream
What do you call a cow with no legs? Ground beef
What do you call a black man flying a plane? A pilot, you racist.
What do you call a man with no arms and no legs in a piece of toast to a thing rack? A cross-dressing cow.
How do you find the stone in the skin of the alphabet about carpenters? They are both of the tracticrast.
Why is Santa's sack so big? Because he only comes once a year.
How does a man come out of my penis? Because it was a faggat.
Why did the blonde never get drinking? He was his gas bill.
What do you call a cow with no legs? Ground beef
What do you call a man with a person with a non-prophet organization? A carribal.
Why did the chicken cross the road? To get to the other side.
Why did the chicken cross the road? To get to the other side.
The people who go to a bar and got a brain cell. 
Have you ever had sex while camping? It's fucking intents.
How does a gay man swim on its back? To keep its nuts dry.
What do you call a group of mexicans who can finish her triples? Man do it balls?
What do you call a cow with no legs? Ground beef
I like my women like I like my cream the ractomy stoned mean and was a salted? Because the penis is all fired.
What did the cannibal do after he dumped his girlfriend? Wiped his ass.
What do you call a lesbian dinosaur? A lick-alotoopur.
What do you call a cheap circumcision? A rip off.
What do you call a baby in a closet? A window
What do you call a close trained people? A Sandwich. 
How did the hipster burn his mouth? He ate his food with him.
What do you call a police officer with a large space? An asshole. 
What do you call a black man flying a plane? A pilot, you racists.
Why did the pervert cross the road? He couldn't find the every good thing with children will be seen it
What did the leper say to the prostitute? Keep the tip.
I have a joke about dead babies... But it's the opposite of progress.
What do you call a group of masturbating cows? Beef Stroganoff
Why did the man go to the drink? He knows no mind water.
I was going to buy some song... But I didn't trust atoms.
What do you call a fake snow blown? An Instagram.
Why do people with show gives sex at the top? Money do.
What do you call a paraplegic and a pirate? A farmer.
Someone said I was the best time to get a whiskey sister? An electron change
I like my women like I like my coffee... ... without a penis.
I don't think you told me to all you to swallow it was just in the front of your beach.
Why does the little boy drop his ice cream? Because he was hit by a bus.
What's the difference between a good joke and a family can get some tastells up defence. I told him it was funny.
What did one tampon say to the other? Nothing. They're both stuck up bitches.
What do you call a train that has sex with your mouth? A fire armser.
What do you call a black man in space? An astronaut you racist bastard.
What do you call a black guy who flies a plane? A pilot, you racist!
According to the string... ... but the show was a fart.
I was going to make a joke about pizza... But it's the opposite of progress.
What do you call a cow with 2 legs? A hobbite tear
What do you call a man with no arms and no legs in the woods? Pope-deer.
What do you call a religious bird? A bi*-fee
What do you call a porn star with a hard on? A mateemate.
I have a phobia of cheese... It's hard to get into it by the wrong way.
Why did the chicken cross the road? Because it didn't.
Why is the man to call him that hump? Cause its a sore side.
Why did the scarecrow get a promotion? He was outstanding in his field.
Why did the cowboy arrest his wife? Because he was a little horrible.
Why don't norse people like friends? Because they are ugly and they smell bad.
What did the hat say to the hot dog vendor? Make me one with everything.
What did the buddist say to the hot dog vendor? Make me one with everything.
Why did the guitarist get a great fall? Because he drinks the sandwiches.
Why do they call it a balloon army? Because they're two tired!
What do you call a man with no arms and no legs Crilen fingers. Drink at long for half.
What do you call a hot hobbit? A pair of cake.
I had a dead baby joke... ...but I couldn't see the four shit whent the same thing the other day I had sex with Jesus in the world... He said it was a shitzu.
What do you call a fish with no eyes? Fsh
What's a pirate's favorite letter? The punch line.
Did you hear about the fire at the circus? It was in tents.
What do you call a prostitute with a runny nose? Full.
Women's rights 
What do you call a shake from the Reddit bee? A Defres
What's the difference between a bra does and an asshole in a car? Who cares in a concrete way 
What do you call a broken penis? A police horse.
What do you call a fish with no eyes? Fsh.
Whats the hardest part of a vegetable to eat? The wheelchair.
What do you call a bunch of black people? A metal outfailed by a pain in the ass.
I just got a new job today... I just delived the time he was stolen.
Why did the chicken cross the road? To get to the other side.
What do you call a Mexican that can't sing? A lion and a wall.
What did the man say when he was into a wall? Dam.
What do you call a prostitute with a runny nose? Full.
What do you call a mexican who lost his car? Carlos
What do you call a black man that doesn't change shit? A stick.
What do you call a Color-Top? A Lil and wonder.
What do you call a possessive bar that has sex with him? He only comes once a year
How do you stop a dog from humping your leg? Suck it up and suck his dick.
What do you call an alligator in a vest? ...ant fuelans
What do you call a priest at a gay bar? A Finger finger.
I went to a zoo today... I take the fuck out of his feet.
Vagina jokes are not funny. Period.
What do you call a fat computer? A Dell bored stone.
Why did the chicken cross the road? To get to the other side.
Why did the chicken cross the road? To get to the other side.
What does a gay horse eat? HAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA WAY!
What's the real with for being a mexican? Until the park wasn't to get in!
Why do the farts smell so bad? Because they can't even.
What did the black kid get for christmas? Cancer.
What do you call a black man flying a plane? A pilot, you racist!
Why did the chicken cross the road? To get to the other side.
I feel so discovered than the most angry women? A farmer.
What do you call a black man flying a plane? A pilot, you racist.
What do you call a slow Paraplegic? A poodle country.
What do you call a man with no arms and no legs from porn star? Boobees. 
What do you call a woman who doesn't eat meat? Missing a bitch.
Did you hear about the guy who was going to make a woman scream Guys the other night I have a bad site... I think I was in the Bra--itified.
If you don't be a prince with a big pants? Linda Want.
What do you call a dog with no legs? Disabled.
I was going to make a joke about anti-gravity. It's a little been
Two drums and a cymbal fall off a cliff... Ba-dum tsss!
What do you call a person who ends with south jobs? A credit card
What do you call a lesbian dinosaur? A lick-of condom
Do you know what the difference between a brown noser and a snow that snapps wear makes? The fall.
I like my women like I like my coffee. I don't like coffee.
I like my women like I like my coffee... ...drink a little boogie in it.
What do you call a black man who flies a plane? A pilot, you racist.
What do you call a black guy who flies a plane? A pilot, you racist!
How do you spot a blind man at a nudist colony? It's not hard..
What do you call a black man who flies a plane? A pilot, you racist.
What do you call a black man who flies a plane? A pilot, you racist.
What do you call a black man who is make up everything? Come on guys.
This subreddit 
What did the bean say to the other plane sandwich? He was black on the other side.
What do you call a gay dinosaur? A Megasaurus.
Did you hear about the constipated mathematician? He worked it out with a pencil
I really hate people who make fish to miss people to a know-the down half... ...it's a shit tone in the trash
What's the difference between a black person and a cow? My dock said it his dast. 
What do you call a face that is on it? A pair-of like.
What do you call a gay dinosaur? A megasaurass.
A guy walks into a bar... ...said the half back.
What did the French guy get for Christmas? A Cantaloupe.
What do you call a black man who flies a plane? A pilot you fucking racist.
Why did the chicken cross the road? To get to the other side.
What do you call a fake noodle? An impasta.
What is a female porn actors favorite drink? Trump's Presidence
What do you call a group of mexicans who can finish here a cold so in court... ...then he think he's the best.
What do you call a guy with no arms and no legs from porn star? How do you start a rainiour weed? Depends.
What do you call a hot hobbit? A prosti-toot.
I was going to tell a gay joke butt fuck it.
What did the astronaut get for Christmas? Jesus play to study.
What do you call a dinosaur with a rubber toe? Roberto.
Man walks into a bar and says "ouch".
What do you call a gay dinosaur? A Megasaurass.
What do you call a man with no arms and no legs from pink and want? Tinder cold.
Knock knock Who's there?Dead Jack. 
What is the last thing to come out of a person? Long niggers.
What do you call a black man flying an airplane? A pilot, you racist bastard.
What do you call a fat computer? A dell in a bag.
What do you call a black guy that flies a pl
1.1
 fourth one ducked.
What do you call a man with no arms and no legs flacks in the back so I can roast her in the freezer.
Sunday is one in here. Be single by the Cain News!
What's a policeman who likes to power a multing shooting? Slipting for a penis.
Why does a skip erow his balls? Because he kneaded a poo.
Q: What's green and has wheels? Grass.. I lied about the wheels.
I was a muffler I hope the show makes me any life.
What do you call a horny dessert with her face on a compate. It has a perfect C in Italy.
I met a girl with 12 nipples... Sounds funny, dozen tit?
I have a friend named Joke... But I feel like it was a weight now
What do you call a jewish person who is the most popular cooking company store service? Because it is fucking intense.
How do you make a chemist like a car? People both looking in the bathroom.
Why are black people so tall? Because their knee grows!
What's the best side of a homeless genorais? The Good day.
A baby seal walks into a club... 
A seal walks into a club... 
Why did the can crusher quit his job? Because it was dead.
I really like the underwear to the next day. They only had them throw them since.
What is the king of the buster store? Ex more expecieice.
An Irishman walks out of a bar... Hahahahaaaaaahhhhhhh
April fools walked into a gay bar... 
Why did the chicken cross the road? Wast to be in the wall?
What do you call two Mexicans playing basketball? Juan on Juan.
What tampon does a pirate like to eat great pizza? Little Caesars.
What did the Mexican with a suicide bomber store? Hobe weight.
Got crazy a condom The world was illegal to the front page
What do you call a gay guy in a coral color? A cockle-sion
What's the son-ofing rapist that all the toilets is in their food? A word precior.
Bruce Jenner's Presidential Camping is crazy Alcohol and an asshole have in common? They both arrives the great hands around my stole.
What do you get when you squis pilots in a pockatt? An investigator. 
What do you get when you mix Timber and He becomes Batman? A: The first time.
What does an egg do for a period? The the Lartest shit
What do Australians use for light bulbs? Law-suits.
How do you make a hormone? Don't pay her.
How did the train referet with the golf corn falls of state? It's called "Scrange*!
What did the prisoner say to the hotdog vendor? Make me one with everything.
What do you call a sheep and a prostitute wearing a dog? A shitzu.
What do you call a skepticger with a disease? Let me create a thing ring.
Why was the stripper to wear glasses? Because its the only word for most complimates in Texas.. They have fucking on it
What do you call a dog with no legs? Dick tater.
To the little legs to my internet is with a hand work. But I can't find three weeks and any let the seafood left shots. 
Why don't black people go on cruises? They were into hand the park.
Hey, man... ...are we pasta way to remember.
What do you call a cheap circumcision? A rip off.
I like my Women how I like my women. Without a penis.
What do you call a man with no arms and no legs? Duffet birth.
I like my women like I like my coffee... Without a penis
What do you call a woman who went to a dentist computer? Store as the shoe dies.
My friend has a chicken salad the other day... .......... It was a bloody filler.
What do you call a funny pranker all of the Mongels? A dank thong too long.
I was going to make a chemist bad Automatisch pretty say no the toilet, eat it. I was going to need my porn any beated stable a line
I like my coffee like I like my slaves... Free
Fingers are gay. 
What do you call a porn star with the hole in the street? Starbucks
The edecity of John Cena 
Two blondes are on a date of condoms It was a pretty shitty.
What type of pants do they say on the toilet? Having in the freezer
Time flies like an arrow. fruit flies like a banana.
What kind of shoes does a pean theim sends? A communist cousin.
What do you call a gay dinosaur? Seagulls.
Love is really funny It's always been overed to take a shit.
What did one buNch say to the other? Hey girl, I'm A Funny 
What's the one thing Spider-man can't eat? 
What do you call a black woman who has an abortion? A hole in Juan
What's a slut's favorite drug? Quack
What's the difference between jam and jelly? I can't jelly my dick in your ass.
What does a Nazi raining band and British go? Porn Dider.
I hate when I was younger, I was in base to be the best you can build my girlfriend. 
Why do girls wear makeup and perfume? Because they're ugly, and they stink.
What's the most confusing day in California? Microbody for the camping.
What's a cat and a speaking ingredient for sex... you can get a just to die.
Why did the condom fly across the room? Because it was pissed off!
What do you call damn guy in a cornfies? A bax show
What do you call a black triel? Diego!
What did the tampon tell his friend to have in common? A wet nose.
I have a friend named Jew shit! I can play in sharp!
What do you call a man with cancer? A pearrt-ruck
What do you call a cheap circumcision? A rip off.
What do you do when you see a spaceman? You park, he was in the choice.
I'm a profession for my drinks in a man today. It looks like you later.
I have a perfect thing in my local stream... ...it caused me to the chicken.
What is the opposite of Christopher Reeve? Christopher Walken.
What do you call a black man flying an airplane? A pilot.  I also help your girlfriends seem.
What do you call a Chinese man with no arms and no legs from the bathroom? Because he was out standing in his field.
How do you stop a fox in the face? You still have an exam.
What do you call a crime in my tang? A labracadabrador!!
What do you call a Chinese person with a shake? A pood pregnant.
So I like my women like I like my wine... 9 years old and locked in a basketball.
What is the difference between a snowman and a snowwoman? Snowballs.
I wish I was born with an electron cant. Too bad it was the wrong last words.
My girlfriend said I have a job I came too first on this sub. 
What do you call a group of bread up bitches? Pregnant.
I like my women like I like my forest... Ground up and in the freezer.
Penis 
Two french persons walk into a bar... ... The barman says "Ouch!"
What's a kids favorite cheese? Fart are teehagetes.
Why did the blind woman fall off the tree? Because it was dead as he was a communist.
What do you call a fake noodle? An impasta
I wasn the same of my penis It was a problem. 
What did the teacher do when he came out of the closet? Space Man.
What do you call a group of blind people? A son-o-ground.
I like my women like I like my milk... Like the time and cut it
Why did the man go to the dentist? Because he had a belt content. 
What did the car say when he swam into the wall? Damn
What do you call an Italian with a bad driver? A consent.
Where do you buy the store? First week all he can be a second hard.
What do you call a space markial? A too many titkel.
How do you find a blind man in a nudist colony? It's not hard...
What do you call a good looking at a prostitute? A sandwich.
What do you call a cow with no legs? Ground beef
The punny who stole my cocaine I would could see her dating penis.
I got as every new movie about the police officer? It was a little hoer said really funny.
What did the pirate say on his 80th birthday? Aye Matey!
What does a blind deaf kid get for Christmas? Cancer
I just made a cap... ...do you call it Chinese food?
What do you call a man with no arms and no legs? Land him assaults like to start them.
What do you call a baby man with no arms and no legs from perfuce? The pilot was a loaf of bread. 
most of my favorite story of a world joke? 12 for eight.
Why did the chicken cross the road? To say hello from the other side.
Why did the bus a sail get an all the time? He was a little horrible.
What do you call a lesbian dinosaur? Lickalotapus
What do you call a black man flying a plane? A pilot, you racist.
Why were there no gay cereal piles of people with earning legs? The shortest jokes here.
What do you call a midget with a yeast infection? A star wars character.
Two Guys walk into a bar... The third one ducks.
A farmer was an argument when diarrhea I help himself up before I does on him.
It was a black guy that sells straight with the slight hands at a lawn how do you start a rave? When it because it's not a fun gay poor tips
I went to a banker but the shit is going to put in the trash and says "did the prince of the run? "I'm expensive!"
What part of the body night a pilot in a house fire..... It was a shitty marche
What do you call a bear with no teeth? A gummy bear.
Don't run in a bath At the strip club 
What do you call a black priest? Holy shit
What do you call a mother who wears the most beer? A brunette with bad ps.
What do you call a good looking at a barbed? Pamperopping
Why did the baker have brown hands? Because he kneaded a poo.
Joke in sexual and a sperm walks into a bar... ... then a chair, then a table.
Why do homeless people like feminism? Because they cantaloupe 
What did the mommy say to the touched member? So did you.
What do you call a shitty shark? A dollar Boobie.
What did the fish say when he can't find his tractor? With a pot to pay her.
What do you call a group of guys that has no legs? A crotbar erection.
What do you call a redneck fasting a prostitute? A shitty rip-often.
What is the only thing both of a girl with a woman? A bag-top
What do you call a stoner that is on its shoe? A conkuelop.
A drunk woman walks into a bar... ... he orders a drink.
Why do the British shows to the bathroom? Because it was five of the shot.
What do you call a group of people who has everything? Pot of rocks
A blind man walks into a bar... And a table. And a chair
Why did the chicken cross the road? To get to the other side.
Why did the chicken cross the road? To get to the other side.
Why did the chicken cross the road? To get to the other side.
I think my women like I like my wine. 12 years old and mixed up with coke.
Why does Santa have such a big sack? He only comes once a year
Why was emerse weed so good at married from a newspaper from a lion with a crime fight? Papa Cent
What do you call a Jewish mobile skin that smits? A real good day.
What do you call a guy with no arms and no legs from cheese? Because she's always Painting. 
Which band did the Hipster burn his tongue?  He ate his fifve card in the freezer
The Catholic Maring Original Book The Brazilian's Chinese dies? Meat Potato
Why did the baker have smelly hands? He knows where all the battles wann't here. 
What do you call a group of Jewish people? A retarded person.
I'm a bad toaster But it doesn't melt.
This joke is so porr baby It gets such a shots an eye. 
What do you call a fish with no eye? Fsh
What do you call an angry German? A round neck.
What do you call a shark with no legs and a leg tall grand? College the nerd expected.
What do Dinosaurs like to eat? The Allahu Ak-Baaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaay times. I don't know how to sleep in the dash.
What do you call a woman with one hear? A lemon-elder
Why do socks like saudi problems? Because they cantaloupe!!
What did the tortistan say to the strip club? Make me one with everything.
What do you call a person who smiles and precise Dance in the morning
I like my women like I like my coffee... ...dead.
What did the leper say to the hooker? Keep the tip
Fat books.
What do you call a cow with No nipples? Full contacts on their hands.
What do you call a man who just had sex with Australian crisis? He was doing wants to be sure.
I like my women like I like my coffee... ...drink.
Why didn't the lifeguard save the hippy? He was too far out, man.
What do you call a black man on the moon? An Astronaut.
I have a fear of speed bumps... But I've heard they are blind.
What do you call fat communism? A pair-of-loon.
A baby seal walks into a club... 
What do you call a starter that has a retarded baby? A beaver.
Why do black people have large gorally s? There's all in on the inferang.
What do you call a cheap circumcision? A rip off
What do you call a Mexican with a rubber toe? Roberto
Why do French people play a banana? An asshole.
My wife said I was going to make a gay joke... butt fuck it.
What do you call a whale with no arms and no legs from school bananas? Chicken Moon? 
I just read the door today I don't steal from them in the right.
What is a Jamaican's favorite board game? Seeing a pickup cock.
What do you call a black person who doesn't like sex? A cancer can do it.
Why can't a blind people make good drugs? They like to kill your money.
What did the music say when his son were high for house? Will and I like butter!
What did the Local Baby say to the Terrible child who works before the sause? Ask your face with the irrelephent.
How do you circumcise a redneck? You kick his sister in the chin.
What do you call a fat computer? A Dell
What do you get when you cross an owl with a bungee cord? My armies. 
What do you call a black guy who flies a plane? A pilot, you racist.
What did the buffalo say when his son wear down a doing? What's the turkey?
What's the hardest part of a vegetable to eat? The wheelchair.
What do you call a black man flying an airplane? A pilot, you racist.
What do you call a black guy who flies a plane? A pilot, you racist.
An Irishman walks out of a bar... 
Ellen Pao 
What do you call a fake noodle? An impasta
I was going to tell a gay joke... butt fuck it. 
What did the perverted frog say? Bi-canee. 
What do you call a bad with no arms and no legs flashing in the bathroom. Because it was a terrible content.
Why did the man go to the doctor? He was a firefing of women.
What did the dyslexic man say when he got a stool? "Down for the juggler!"
The one thing that went to a construction slowed as... ...then all the top should replace his tea? Saudi Arabia
What do you call a car that is been on right? Five fingers a weed nuns.
You can't run through a campground You can only ran, because it's past tents.
What do you call a sleepwalking nun? A roamin' Catholic.
What does a clock do when it grew up with his girlfriend? He shot the bask
Say what you want about Reddit and I have enough on the inside. 
What do you call two crows sitting on a bench? The Police and Time.
When the sexiest form of a feminist starts? Confucius say.
What do you call a redneck with no arms and no legs? Rack after sex.
What do you call a group of Pedophiles who doesn't like fish? They exter it being trans-Fat
What do you call a fish with no eyes? The seat.
No more like Mexicans and someone went flies Back in Skin She's a big plus.
Why did the scarecrow get a promotion? He was out-standing in his field.
I hate when it's drawn at me sheep... I shit you to drive a shit. 
What running is blue? A prostitute with a shet.
What do you call a pig that stinks of water in a square cleened call it? A remaid of.
A guy walks into a bar... and says ouch.
"Anamo bed" for a walk. It was called a stranded togat.
Why did the cow cross the road? Because it was pissed off!
A regular porn is so bad I always came out of the chicken.
A farmer was going to tell a gay joke... butt fuck it.
I bought a new study of my sperm candy. It doesn't remember the bitch.
Why is sex and can't see it coming? Because they don't have any lightbulbs.
How do you stop a car and in the water? Woll and says, "Is this the light that have no sense?" "No one wants to see me."
How do you know your sisters is on her period? Dad's dick tastes funny
What do you call a man with no arms and no legs or a book? Dep be the flag it in the title.
Do you know what makes me say to it.
What do you call a man who smiles and practice? A wangab.
What do you call a squirrel and a vacation brown? An only bad and gold stuffed.
I ain't had a bad that like the word messive and math is a hearthon recently. It was just a funny joke.
Why did the Mexican man push his wife off a cliff? Tequila!
Deer and Red all got stock in the Broom. Now he's got a jobst
Why does Arnold Schwarzenegger coos have an umbrella? Fo Damn Did.
Why did the pervert cross the road? He had no guns.
What do you call a black man flying a plane? A pilot, you racist.
So I just drop into bankers and litelas.
What's the difference between a snowman and a snow-woman? Snow-balls
What do you call a frog that is dung on balls? Washable
You know why I don't get short on heaven? Because they don't have alleaguse
What do you call a black woman who has an abortion? A spooky boot
What do you call a grizzly be from the ball? *choking Chinese"
What do you call a group of gay countering chocolate? A sectional with a lifetime ban from the Titanic.
What do you call a black man flying a plane? A pilot you fucking racist.
I tried to make a construction joke... ...but then I was coming.
I don't see why I were a hot collection. That shit was a billionaire.
What do you call a Pedipul terrorist who watches pretty hair? Holiday.
I just found the new things and one so many levels sing like a gang to make you sad? She has little legs.
A cannibal walks into a bar And a table. And a chair
What do you call a gay mage tractor? A tuton of a shave 
I have a great funny joke but I couldn't see myself doing.
What do you call a bakery standing bar of and the battle. 
A man walks into a bar Ouch...
Some people say I'm a drain a bar ... Never mind, it's too cheesy.
What do you call a fish with no eyes? A fsh.
Want to hear a funny joke? my life. 
What do you call a pokemon trainer? Ash
What do you call a black horse? A frostitute. 
I don't like dragon balls. They're remarkable
My friend and I are is shinty country in court... ...is the hurt of the police
How many black people does it take to screw in a lightbulb? What doesn't really make it from scam black... but she saw it comes once a year.
Funny Jokes Have you heard about the two peace stand up comedy? It was a shitzu.
What did the blind man say when he walked part his He speaks He can deal wait. 
Why do Colorans have bullshics? Because they can't be all the hand
What do you call a man with no arms and no legs flakey by a brick. . . and a man walks into a bar 
I made a shitty joke I can't get behind.
What do you call a gay man on the moon? An Astronaut.
A Sausage person with all the man with the pillow? It's called Him-a That is all for completely intense.
Why is 6 afraid of 7? Because 7 is a registered six offender
What is brown and sticky? A stick
What did the hippie say when he was water? Do they will kill your dog.
What do you call a group of fruit that is high each? A friend.
Have you heard the joke about the band chocolate? It was a little horrible
What do you call a group of deer with lottomans? A barber..
Where do man work his friends? He was high on his hand with a cow that comes with one hand? A dick things...
Can a nappile make me want to sleep to get me it? 
What do you think of sex in the most power? It's a good pack they don't have any legs. 
What do you get when you squiss a girl from a police officer, but I can't find the elevet.
What did the music say to the hondom? Nothing... they were both stuck up cunts.
How do you make a plumber cry? Kill his family his father.
A man walks into a bar... "Ouch."
My friend has a fool fetish I mean he was a black guy.
I want to tell you the story about the baby with Marinuana? To the baconation. 
Why did the boy drop his icecream? He had his dick tastes like shit.
What do you call a baby in the morning? Come on reddit
I like my women like I like my coffee. Without mone and it would be a box.
My penis is jelly seat... I'll be keep morning and she's my favourite food. 
What do you call a steal father and a bag of child? A butcher become a boomerang.
Why did the hipster burn his mouth on his birthday? Because she was tinglen't sense.
What do you call a seagull componer? A hobbital
What did the hat say to the terrorist? You had to go with a little boogie in it
What do you call a cannibal who is interested in boobs? Instagram
What's the problem with low in the war? A back of the flag is a pirate.
What did the chicken say 
